## Hi! Nice to meet you.

I am a Full Stack Developer with experience using frontend and backend technologies such as Ruby, Rails, Node, JavaScript, React, and Redux. My 10 years in customer service have taught me how to work effectively on a team, how to create relationships with co-workers and clients alike to promote sales, productivity, and loyalty. I am motivated to achieve my goals, I have a strong work ethic, and I am incredibly organized. I have skills in critical-thinking and communication, both written and verbal, as displayed by my English degree. I am a problem solver who does not shy away from a challenge.

Working in the resturaunt industry, especially in Walt Disney World and Universal Studios, fueled my passion for problem solving. At these locations, anything can happen at any moment and you have to be ready to figure out creative solutions to what could be detrimental problems. Guests expect the world when they come to the Orlando theme parks, and we have to give it to them regardless of what happens. 

While working in the resturaunt industry, I became interested in web development because of the Point of Sales systems we use. I was always brainstorming ways to improve producivity for the font of house staff as well as the back of house. I wanted to make these systems easier to use for everyone. The less time spent at the computers, the more time there is to spend with the guest. In March of 2020, I started teaching myself how to code and fell in love with it. Web development allows me to combine creativity with problem solving skills. As Walt Disney once said, "It's kind of fun to do the impossible," and thats how I feel when I'm building an app.

