---
layout: post
title:      "Why I decided to study Software Engineering"
date:       2020-09-19 14:52:17 +0000
permalink:  why_i_decided_to_study_software_engineering
---



I have been doing a lot of, for lack of a better term, soul searching since graduating high school in 2010. I have changed my major from business administration, to marketing, to political science, and finally, to English. I graduated with a BA in Creative Writing in 2018 and since then have dabbled in the idea of becoming an English teacher, then an English professor, and then I did a stint as a legal assistant. I have been trying my hardest to find what feels right for my carrer. In March of 2020, I was furloughed from my waitressing job and decided to really sit down and focus on what I could do forever. Thats when I started playing around on freecodecamp.org and following along to Mike Dane videos on youtube, coding on Atom. 
I instantly loved it. Software Engineering combines the two things I love: logic and creativity. I am able to use my creative strengths to figure out problems, or design, and I am able to use logic and problem solving to write the actual code. What I really want to be able to do with my knowledge and offer my time for free to organizations that desperately need a new, or better functioning site, but who can't afford or haven't thought about hiring a professional. For a specific example, the veternarian I go to is specifically marketed towards lower income families. It is in a little house, with the sweetest staff imaginable, and their prices are a quarter of what I used to pay for shots, treatments, etc. When I adopted my dog, he was a very sick little pup, and needed frequent vet visits and medicine. It was costing me so much money, and at the time I was just a front line hourly Disney employee. This vet really saved me and my pup a lot of stress. But their website is terrible! Its completely nonfunctioning, and their office staff is totally overloaded, and I feel like with the skills I will learn, I could create a website for them that would take a lot of the pressure off their staff, and be extremely helpful for the patients as well. Of course, I also need a paying job, which I am also excited for! 
I am ready for this journey. If you know anyone who has served or tended bar, you know that we both hate it and love it but find it very hard to leave. I am happy I have finally found something that gets me excited, and motivated, to leave the resturaunt industry behind. I've known for a while now that I don't just want a job that makes money and thats it, I want to enjoy my job, I want to be excited about what I do. And I want my job to allow me to help others and I think this path I'm going down does all of those things. 
Go team!
